C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.deps.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.development.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\bundle\TabasAPI.styles.css
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\TabasAPI.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\TabasAPI.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\DataBase\datos.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\DataBase\reportes.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\DataBase\datos.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\DataBase\reportes.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.deps.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.development.json
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\bundle\TabasAPI.styles.css
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\TabasAPI.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\DL-Proyecto\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\TabasAPI.dll
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.Development.json
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.json
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\DataBase\datos.json
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\DataBase\reportes.json
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.exe
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.deps.json
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.runtimeconfig.json
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.dll
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.pdb
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.json
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.development.json
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\bundle\TabasAPI.styles.css
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.dll
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\TabasAPI.dll
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.pdb
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.genruntimeconfig.cache
E:\Tarea1\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\TabasAPI.dll
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\DataBase\datos.json
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\DataBase\reportes.json
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.exe
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.deps.json
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.dll
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.pdb
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\bundle\TabasAPI.styles.css
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.dll
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\TabasAPI.dll
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.pdb
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\TabasAPI.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\sebas\Desktop\TEC\Semestre 1 2022\Bases de datos\Tarea_corta__bases_TABAS\WebAPI\TabasAPI\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\TabasAPI.dll
